This is just an example of the text file you may add other files to the repo eg HTML,CSS and javascript files

If you want to contribute to this repository using a fork and pull request, follow these steps:

1. Fork the Repository

1. Go to the repository you want to contribute to on GitHub.


2. Click the "Fork" button at the top right to create your own copy of the repository under your GitHub account.


---

2. Clone Your Forked Repository

1. Clone the forked repository to your local machine:



git clone https://github.com/your-username/repo-name.git
cd repo-name


---

3. Create a New Branch

It's best to create a separate branch for each feature or bug fix:

git checkout -b feature-branch-name


---

4. Make Changes Locally

1. Edit files and make changes in your local development environment.


2. Check which files were modified:



git status

3. Stage the changes:



git add .

4. Commit the changes with a descriptive message:



git commit -m "Describe the changes made"


---

5. Push Changes to Your Fork

git push origin feature-branch-name


---

6. Create a Pull Request

1. Go to your forked repository on GitHub.


2. Click "Compare & pull request".


3. Write a clear title and description for your pull request.


4. Submit the pull request to the original repository.




---

7. Keep Your Fork Updated (Optional but Recommended)

If the original repository is frequently updated, sync your fork:

A. Add the Original Repository as an Upstream

git remote add upstream https://github.com/original-user/repo-name.git

B. Fetch the Latest Changes

git fetch upstream

C. Merge the Changes into Your Local Branch

git checkout main
git merge upstream/main

D. Push the Updates to Your Fork

git push origin main


---

8. Respond to Feedback

The repository maintainer might ask for changes.

Make changes on your branch, commit, and push again.

The pull request will automatically update.

---

Pro Tip: Avoid Common Mistakes

Always work on a separate branch, not main.

Pull from the upstream repository regularly to avoid conflicts.

Write clear commit messages and detailed pull request descriptions.

